v6.18.0 (#10883)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.18.0

_Nov 3, 2023_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 7 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🎁 The Charts package is now officially stable!

Reviewer: WDYT about also mentioning the animation support on pie charts? 🤔

> - 🎁 The Charts package is now officially stable!

Author: ```suggestion
- 🎁 The Charts package is now officially stable!
- 🥧 Pie charts are now animated.
```

> - 📈 Line charts now support partial data, and to interpolate missing ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📈 Line charts now support partial data, and can interpolate missing data.
```

<img width="380" alt="line charts with partial data" src="https://github.com/mui/mui-x/assets/45398769/385ecf77-19b2-4a03-8aef-5d547db1d9ad">

> - 🐞 Bugfixes

Author: ```suggestion
- ✨ Allow to ignore [diacritics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diacritic) when filtering
```

- 📚 Documentation improvements

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@6.18.0`

> - [DataGrid] Allow to ignore [diacritics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diacritic) when filtering (#10569) @cherniavskii

Reviewer 2: This enhancement deserves a highlight I think.

- [DataGrid] Fix a typo in `gridFilterApi` (#10786) @vu-dao-93
- [DataGrid] Fix `undefined` row id (#10670) @romgrk
- [DataGrid] Make column autosizing work with dynamic row height (#10693) @cherniavskii
- [l10n] Allow to customize sorting label per column (#10839) @JerryWu1234

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@6.18.0`.

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@6.18.0` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.0`.

### Date Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.18.0`

> - [pickers] Add reference links to calendar components  (#10644) @michelengelen

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [pickers] Add reference links to calendar components (#10644) @michelengelen
```

- [DataGrid] Fix `undefined` row id (#10670) @romgrk
- [DataGrid] Make column autosizing work with dynamic row height (#10693) @cherniavskii
- [l10n] Allow to customize sorting label per column (#10839) @JerryWu1234

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@6.18.0`.

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@6.18.0` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.0`.

### Date Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.18.0`

- [pickers] Add reference links to calendar components (#10644) @michelengelen

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@6.18.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.18.0`.

### Charts / `@mui/x-charts@6.18.0`

- [charts] Add animation on pie chart (#10782) @alexfauquette
- [charts] Add reference links to shared/misc chart components (#10660) @michelengelen
- [charts] Allows to connect nulls (#10803) @alexfauquette
- [charts] Fix axis highlight in dark mode (#10820) @LukasTy

### Docs

> - [docs] Add a recipe for autosizing columns after fetching row-data (#10822) @michelengelen

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [docs] Add a data grid recipe for autosizing columns after fetching row-data (#10822) @michelengelen
```

> - [docs] Add recipe showing how to remove cell focus outline (#10843) @michelengelen

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [docs] Add a data grid recipe showing how to remove cell outline on `focus` (#10843) @michelengelen
```

> - [docs] Add a data grid recipe showing how to remove cell outline on `focus` (#10843) @michelengelen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docs] Add a data grid recipe showing how to remove cell outline on `focus` (#10843) @michelengelen
- [docs] Improve custom field input demos readability (#10559) @LukasTy
```

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@6.18.0`.

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@6.18.0` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.0`.

### Date Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.18.0`

- [pickers] Add reference links to calendar components (#10644) @michelengelen

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@6.18.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.18.0`.

### Charts / `@mui/x-charts@6.18.0`

- [charts] Add animation on pie chart (#10782) @alexfauquette
- [charts] Add reference links to shared/misc chart components (#10660) @michelengelen
- [charts] Allows to connect nulls (#10803) @alexfauquette
- [charts] Fix axis highlight in dark mode (#10820) @LukasTy

### Docs

- [docs] Add a data grid recipe for autosizing columns after fetching row-data (#10822) @michelengelen
- [docs] Add a data grid recipe showing how to remove cell outline on `focus` (#10843) @michelengelen

> - [docs] Improve custom field input demos readability (#10559) @LukasTy

Author: ```suggestion
- [docs] Add demo about how to use charts margin (#10886) @alexfauquette
- [docs] Improve custom field input demos readability (#10559) @LukasTy
```
